There are some different context where DB::sub may be called or not.
You should keep these cases in mind:

The DB::sub is not called when you call a subroutine from DB:: namespace

	sdf {
		package Test;
		sub x1 {}
		sub x2{ x1() }  # Only here DB::sub is called
	}


	sub init {}

	sub DB {
		init();      # DB::sub not called
		Test::x1();  # DB::sub not called
		Test::x2();  # DB::sub not called
		...
	}



NEVER PASS DB:: GLOBALS AS ARGUMENTS TO SUBS
Because of the @_ has aliases to arguments

	sub test {
		$DB::single =  1;  # or call to sub which do this change
		print $_[0]; # Will print "1" instead of "0"
	}

	$DB::single =  0;
	test( $DB::single );


When you are in DB::sub
Frame for target subroutine is NOT created. It is when you pass control by the chain making `return &$DB::sub`. This is the good design to hide debugger frame from client's code. But you probably will have problem making call to some debugger's subs. The problem is the `caller` will show that call is maden from client's code instead of real source -- &DB::sub
Probably Perl should create origin frame before &DB::sub call and not create frames for any sub call from &DB::sub (to simplify code)
But it will be cool not create frame only for &$DB::sub sub call


When you do internal call to &subname from DB::sub the CORE::caller will see client's $file:$line and your &subname. You should check $DB::sub to see name for original subroutine

NOTE:
You can not do such thing:

    package Other;
    sub DB::DB {}
    sub DB::sub { &$DB::sub }

Because the &DB::sub is compiled at Other namespace the &$DB::sub will recursively call itself. So you **MUST** compile &DB::sub in the DB namespace to prevent that


BEWARE:
When you work with global variables in the debugger you affect user's globals.
So 'eval' that variable will see debugger's value instead of user's one
For example:

	# Code in the user's script
	$_ =  7;
	1; # Stopped here and the debugger is called

	# Code in the debugger:
	for( 1..3 ) {
		print DB::eval( '$_' ); # Will show 1,2,3 instead of expected 7,7,7
	}



NOTICE:
When you want to use this module with modules like Apache::DB you should be aware
that $DB::single = 1 does not work. Because after returning from module s sub
old value of $DB::single will be restored by &pop_frame. You should do instead:

    DB::state( 'stack' )->[ -2 ]{ single } =  1;



NOTICE:
It will be not possible to debug debugger if commands use package global variables. Because of second debugger instance use same ::Commands package and its variables. Think of this like second thread visit same sub while first thread is paused.
